Removed Docker Desktop and added references (#231)
axelerant/engg-handbook: content/docs/how-we-work/baseline/_index.md

## Local Development with DDEV

> [DDEV](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) is our tool of choice for setting up local development environments across projects. You need Docker to run it and you can [provide the Docker engine](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/users/install/docker-installation/) using the official [Orbstack](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/latest/users/install/docker-installation/#orbstack) or [Lima](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/latest/users/install/docker-installation/#lima).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DDEV](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) is our tool of choice for setting up local development environments across projects. You need Docker to run it and you can [provide the Docker engine](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/users/install/docker-installation/) using the official [Orbstack](https://orbstack.dev/download) (`brew install orbstack`) or [Lima](https://github.com/lima-vm/lima) (`brew install lima`).
```

@Kalaiselvan88, what do you think of directly linking to the tools?
